Improve introduction writeup for zero and list out features (#313)
commitdev/zero: README.md

## What do you get out of the box?
### Infrastructure
- Fully configured infrastructure-as-code AWS environment including:
  - VPCs per environment (staging, production) with pre-configured subnets, security groups, etc.
  - EKS Kubernetes cluster per environment, pre-configured with tools like cert-manager, external-dns, nginx-ingress-controller
  - RDS database for your application (Postgres or MySQL)
  - S3 buckets and Cloudfront distributions to serve your assets
- Logging and Metrics collected automatically using either Cloudwatch or Prometheus + Grafana, Elasticsearch + Kibana
- VPN using [Wireguard][wireguard]
- User management and Identity / Access Proxy using Ory [Kratos][kratos] and [Oathkeeper][oathkeeper] (Optional)
- Tooling to make it easy to set up secure access for your team
- Local/Cloud Hybrid developer environment using Skaffold and Telepresence (In Progress)

### Backend
- Golang or Node example project automatically set up and deployed to your new infrastructure

> - CI pipeline built with [CircleCI][circleci]. Just merge a PR and a deploy will start. Your code will be built and tested, deployed to staging, then prompt you to push to production

Reviewer: Not sure if its worth it to mention the backend example projects are dockerized so you can ensure the same code you test locally is the same as staging / production. Given we tell them its on k8s it may be self explanatory though. 

and maybe the graceful shutdown might be nice to mention too.

- File upload / download support using signed Cloudfront URLs (Optional)
- Email support using [SendGrid][sendgrid] or AWS SES (Optional)
- Notification support for sending and receiving messages in your application (web, mobile, SMS, Email, etc.) (Optional) (In Progress)
- User management integration with Kratos and Oathkeeper - No need to handle login, signup, authentication yourself (Optional)
- Feature Flagging integration with [LaunchDarkly][launchdarkly] (Optional) (In Progress)

### Frontend

> - React examply project automatically set up and deployed to your new infrastructure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- React example project automatically set up, deployed and served securely to your customers
```
